README.md, before:

## STF: Captains Chair

This shows the current version, and a guide on how to play the game.
Please open an issue if you find anything wrong with the game (There is a lot wrong with it)

- ### Game Stats
    - Current Version: `dev`
    - Sub Version: `dev7.1`
    - Bug Ammount: High
    - Non-Optimized Code: High
- ### How to Play
  - Choose between `explore` and `drydock`. I would start with `drydock`, because you dont have many `coins` yet. (coins are the game currcency)
  - Start with the `Alpha Sector`, where the hostiles are easier, and there is more to mine.
  - I would NOT start a battle between a ship until you have upgraded your ship.
  - How to Get `coins` and upgrade your ship
    - First, mine some `materials`. You may have to keep on exploring the alpha sector before you get it.
    - NOTE: Once you start mining, you cannot stop until the cluster is depleted.
    - Once you have the `materials`, explore until you find a `trading post`. Then, sell your `materials`.
    - After you sell your `materials`, return to `drydock`, and buy a `Phaser Upgrade` or `Max Health` upgrade.
    - Once you do that, you can start battling, and win more and more, and continually grow!
  - Note: There are many bugs in this game, and if you find one, please open an issue. Thanks and have fun!

Commit message:

NEW RELEASE: Version 8. Progression is underway but unplayable. Please read README.md for more info. modified:   README.md new file:   stf_dev_progression.py modified:   stf_main.py

README.md, after:

## STF: Captains Chair

PLEASE READ: Progression version has been released. This version will be the new version of this game, and will be the building blocks for the true STF: Captains Chair. It is still not-playable, and is still undergoing updates. To play the runnable version, please run stf_main.py, not stf_dev_progression.py.

This shows the current version, and a guide on how to play the game.
Please open an issue if you find anything wrong with the game (There is a lot wrong with it)

- ### Game Stats
    - Current Version: `dev`
    - Sub Version: `dev8`
    - Bug Ammount: High
    - Non-Optimized Code: High
- ### How to Play
  - Choose between `explore` and `drydock`. I would start with `drydock`, because you dont have many `coins` yet. (coins are the game currcency)
  - Start with the `Alpha Sector`, where the hostiles are easier, and there is more to mine.
  - I would NOT start a battle between a ship until you have upgraded your ship.
  - How to Get `coins` and upgrade your ship
    - First, mine some `materials`. You may have to keep on exploring the alpha sector before you get it.
    - NOTE: Once you start mining, you cannot stop until the cluster is depleted.
    - Once you have the `materials`, explore until you find a `trading post`. Then, sell your `materials`.
    - After you sell your `materials`, return to `drydock`, and buy a `Phaser Upgrade` or `Max Health` upgrade.
    - Once you do that, you can start battling, and win more and more, and continually grow!
  - Note: There are many bugs in this game, and if you find one, please open an issue. Thanks and have fun!
